## Sustainability Simplified
### Solution Name : Website Carbon Emission Tracker

### Team Leader: Renuka Rajpuria, renukarajpuria@karunya.edu.in

### Team Members
Renuka Rajpuria

Mentor : Kumaresan C S

### Problem Statement : 
The internet consumes approximately 416 TWh per year of energy and a majority of that is contributed by the websites we surf. The massive internet usage may suggest a greener society as we are saving paper but the carbon footprint and e-waste generated by these electronic devices is far worse. Building a sustainable website does not require compromising with any of its features, rather improves them. Awareness and education regarding the same is a primary concern.


### Solution (Website,Mobile App,Hardware,IoT,Others):
A sustainable solution (website) that calculates the carbon emissions attributed to a website. It will not only raise awareness but also inspire a more sustainable internet. Many global companies like Cisco, Google, Adobe have already realized the importance of green websites and are continuously working toward carbon-neutral approaches. I wish to highlight the several benefits of building sustainable websites such as better user experience, reduced network latency, increased conversion rates and others. I strongly believe that we can achieve not only carbon neutral but carbon negative results if users and developers are motivated and convinced from a commercial standpoint to create greener websites.
Documentation

### Day 1 : 
[X] Problem Statement ideation

[X] Solution analysis

[X] Market/ competitor analysis

[X] Defining USPs

[X] Prepare Presentation for Review 1  

[X] Make changes as per mentor feedback

Presentation Link - https://pitch.com/public/d6d6b78a-be5c-4e4b-84b3-4c474e9c7f7a


### Day 2 : 
[X] Created a Github repository to store all project related files

[-] Wireframe 

[-] Color Scheme 

[-] Figma Prototype

[-] Basic SPA layout using HTML, CSS and JS

Github Link - https://github.com/renuka-rajpuria/sustainability-simplified 



